How is that possible?
When did you have it?
You come
I'll text you.
To transfer those children to a public hospital
I didn't expect you to buy off private hospitals
Make trouble with me
you
We must compensate for all the losses of our dynasty group.
This
Boss, these people
Their accounts have recently made large transfers.
It really came
It is a small blue sky for consumption.
What else do you have to say now?
Find these people to pretend to be sick
Blackmail me dynasty guitar
If you pass this back to the Xiao family
The Xiao family must have plummeted in the capital
Maybe you will be ruined
Ah!
That's so great!
I didn't expect that the two dead moves would be easily resolved by you in one move
It seems that I underestimate you
I guess you're right.
I found these people
Although you are very capable
But play dirty
Just a word from this young master
It can also easily send your dynasty group on the road
Send me on my way
Xiao Lintian is the eldest and youngest in the capital
But this is Haicheng
You didn't pinch me.